docs: support page + versions and releases section (replaces #23435, #23319) (#23571)
AztecProtocol/aztec-packages: docs/developer_versioned_docs/version-v4.3.0/support.md

---

> title: Get help and report issues

Reviewer: ```suggestion
title: Support
```

sidebar_position: 5
description: Where to ask questions, report bugs, request features, and disclose security issues for the Aztec stack.
---

This page tells you where to go when something does not work, when you want to file a bug, when you have a feature idea, or when you have found a possible security issue. Pick the section that matches your situation.

:::warning Security issues are different
If your issue involves loss of funds, key or seed disclosure, leakage of private notes, a way to forge or replay transactions, or anything you suspect could harm users, **do not open a public GitHub issue or post in Discord**. Use the [security disclosure process](#security-issues) instead.
:::

## Quick decision tree

| Your situation | Where to go |
| --- | --- |
| Possible security issue (funds, keys, privacy, exploit) | [Security disclosure](#security-issues) |
| You are not sure if the bug is real, or you cannot reproduce it yet | [Ask first: Forum or Discord](#ask-first-forum-and-discord) |

> | You have a reproducible bug in `aztec-packages` (PXE, aztec.js, aztec-nr, sandbox, CLI, AVM, barretenberg, L1 contracts) | [File a bug on GitHub](#file-a-bug) |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| You have a reproducible bug in `aztec-packages` (PXE, aztec.js, aztec-nr, local network, CLI, AVM, barretenberg, L1 contracts) | [File a bug on GitHub](#file-a-bug) |
```
